[Music]
he was the leader of the believers he
was the third khalifa of the muslim
he
from the early people who entered islam
he is called and his nickname is
[Music]
he did the two hijrah he did the hijrah
to abyssinia
and he also did the hijra to medina
and the reason why he was called the
scholars they mentioned is because
he married two of the prophet's
daughters
he married
and she gave birth to abdullahi
and the kunya that he was given was abu
abdullahi
and also she gave birth to a son by the
name of amr
his mother ruth mara delano's
and her mother is
and he stayed behind from the battle of
man did not participate in the battle of
badr he stayed behind
from the battle of bedar for his wife
rokaya she was feeling sick
um and after the battle of bed a few
nights
after she passed away ruqayya the
daughter of the prophet
and the prophet he made a portion
for uthma
from the battle of bed the spoils of war
even though he didn't participate in
and then after he married uh
after okay he got married to the
prophet's second daughter um
he married the second daughter of the
prophet salallahu
reached us he wasn't excessively tall
he wasn't bill kasir and he wasn't short
hasan and his face was beautiful
masha'allah
his beauty brothers and sisters and
he used to yeah he used to play
saffron on his beard that
he strengthened it with gold
so a golden tooth and his
yani bid it was
saffron
the clothing he was wearing was worth
four dirhams
he was wearing a kufion
he was wearing a garment made from jani
[Music]
red
i never saw a man or a woman who had
more of a beautiful face than he did
asa even he said i saw him you suffered
he was changing the color of his bed and
i never saw anyone more beautiful than
him
al-hasan he said inaudible
was because there was no man who got
married to the two daughters of the
prophet alaihis
he narrated from abi saradin that he
said
rasulullah
earth man came to the prophet
he came with a thousand dnr
when the prophet saw prepared the army
uthman brought to the prophet salallahu
the money and the the the the money that
us
placed on his thighs he was tossing and
he was turning it and he said after that
what earth man does after today will not
harm and whatever
uthman does after today is not harm
whatever earth man does after today is
not going to happen and remember
narrated narrated that and also
he narrated
us he prepared 750
camels he prepared it
and 50 horses he prepared it for the
battle of taboo
us
spring and if we had a water i mean
a little well and the people needed
water
okay and it was cold
this island was called ruma
and he will charge the people for it
this man okay
and he would charge a person like a
it's a measurement just to drink one
time he would prepare will charge them
for it a mud
or a mud as a price a
good price you take from it
the prophet said to them
would you sell us this give it to us
for a for agenda you'll get what you
give to us here in jannah
the man that said to the prophet he said
this is the only water i have
not
that the prophet requested for water and
this man said this
sent money over and he sold it for he
bought it from that man for what
becomes
35 000
[Music]
are you going to give me the same thing
that you promised him are you going to
make for me yeah and when he said to him
are you going to say the same thing to
me that i can get a well in jannah for
it
if i buy it from him the prophet said
yes
kalaheed and said oh messenger of allah
qaddish
or messenger of allah i have bought that
well from that man and i have made it
for the muslims
this is the type of people the
companions were the allahu ta'ala
the dunya never meant nothing to them
the the wealth that they had
giving it out for the sake of allah was
great in their eyes
that's how allah raised them
the wealth that they had they knew it
was something allah gave to them
and why would it be hard to give allah
back what he gave to you in the first
place
he said
[Music]
when he brought the well
the day when he prepared the full army
for the prophet
mentioned the story she said rasulullah
and the prophet's thighs were showing
his eyes were showing
oh sakaihi or his shin was
[Music]
if he could come in and the prophet at
that moment when abu bakr is entering
the prophet still lying on his side and
his thighs or his shin is showing
then umar came in the prophet still
remained in his position the way he was
he didn't change
mentions but the prophet conversed with
the both of them
as soon as earth man
and he got his cloth his garment and the
prophet covered himself
up to his thighs
he gave permission for uthman to enter
and the prophet started to talk to us
man
when they all left they all left now
aisha was looking at her husband the
prophet sallallahu alaihi she was
observing
she was looking what the prophet was
doing
so when they all left she said ya
rasulullah or messenger
you covered yourself you you you pulled
your garments
and then the prophet said something very
powerful here ali
which really gives us an insight of who
uthman was and what type of person he
was
the prophet he said
the prophet said am i not going to be
shy of a man
that the angels are shy off and imam
muslim narrated this
the angels were shy of uthman
[Music]
and so the prophet said why should i not
be shy
of a man who the angels are shy of
that is a high status brothers and
sisters what we learn here
number one is the the great quality of
being shy
we're living at the time subhanallah
when our brothers and our sisters
this quality of being shy is being
stripped from them
it's been stripped from them it's been
taken from them it's been snatched from
them
they are being encouraged to go
online and just do whatever they want
wallahi brothers and sisters shyness is
a quality
that if you lose it there isn't anything
to stop you anymore
if you lose shyness the path you
you are going to tread on is very scary
and what awaits you is very dark and
dull
that's why the prophet said
one of the past on wise words
that were passed on generation july
generation
one nation passed it over to another
nation from those
wise proverbs that were passed on is it
if you are not if you don't have the
quality of shyness
then do what you want in other words if
you're not shy you are going to do what
you want
shyness is that
trigger in the mind that when you want
to do a certain thing
you feel a certain way it holds you back
being shy today is look down at
a person's belittled he's ridiculed
even the one who doesn't insult a shy
person would make
gestures and sounds that would make a
person not want to be shy
like for example ah he's so shy
which is condescending belittling
so the person says no no i'm not shy i'm
not shy and then he proved
and then brothers and sisters be careful
allah
rasmallah was a very shy person and the
prophet says also saying
why should i not be shy if the angels
are shy
so uthman is one who is shy and he's a
righteous slave of allah
our messenger is a shy person he's
saying
shall i not be shy of the angels who are
a creation
the angels are shy brothers and sisters
so the angels are shy of
us
also the prophet
[Music]
bakr is the most merciful man for this
ummah extremely
merciful a quality that he had he was
very kind soft
merciful
and one of the most staunched people
when it comes to the religion of allah
holds his grounds and he's tough on the
deen
and the shyest is uthman
was excessively shy i was excessively
shy
also the hadith
it mentions
and give him the glad tidings of jannah
okay
give him the gladiators of jannah is
that it no
allah
used to say he said we used to say
us companions we used to say at the time
of the prophet salallahu
we used to say abu bakr marathon
we used to say abu bakr umar earth man
we used to say that
virtue wise we start working as number
one our man is number two
and uh is number two and utman is number
three we used to say that
we used to yeah degrade the companions
by putting abu bakr
then um ii and utman third we used to do
that
and the fact that he says that we used
to do this at the time of the prophet
it benefits us me the prophet consented
to this
yeah the prophet consented to this
because if that was not the case the
prophet would have corrected them
and said who said abu bakr is the best
who said um what is the best whosoever
is the third
where did you guys get this from the
prophet would have corrected them but
the sahabas
they knew from the prophet's actions and
his speech and what he said
that it was abu bakr number one number
two
and with man number three
[Music]
he narrated that it is
in two places he said
and everything was uthman from the
sahabas he knew the most
he said to us
[Music]
asleep in one day he was sleeping in the
mystery
this was when he was the leader i saw
him sleeping one day in the masjid
and he took a his cloth and he placed it
as a pillow
a person would come and they would sit
next to him
another person would come and he would
sit with sit with them
like they were one of his mother
would sleep there he would help the
people of the allah
it has been authentically transmitted
from many different narrations
that's authentically transmitted from
him he's saying and similarly
he said in uthman
a man in one day came to life
he came to us
with the people of iraq from the people
of armenia
and uthman with the people of iraq he
was waging war on the people of armenia
and in that battle the people of sham
and the people of iraq they met one
another
quran and they started to dispute one
another in the issue of the quran
until they fought him unreal he heard
their differences
they were differing in their recitation
he said the leader of the believers
quickly
get hold of the situation
before they dispute one another like the
christians and the jews they disputed
in
he compiled the whole quran from
everybody from the places it was
in and he put it in one place
now wants to he wants that mushaf from
hafsan
so he requested for hafsah to bring it
to him
he said anil siri send this to me
and let you draw the quran where the
quran
[Music]
he sent a mushaf to all of
the main stations he sent one to
mecca and he said one to madida he sent
one to basala
he's one khufa nani
he said one to it as well he sent to all
of those main stations
and he requested for every other must
have to be burnt
okay that opposes that which has been
put in these five
for five muslims
[Music]
the prophet told him secret and earth
man's face color changed
from what the prophet told him and when
the day of dar yamudha happened
yamadar was what it was the day uthman
was sieged in his house
it was when earth man was sieged in his
house he couldn't come out
a group of rebels they
uprised against us and they wanted to
kill him
okay so uthman was sieged in his house
he couldn't come out
so the people they sent to him they said
are you not going to fight amir
al-mu'min are you going to fight these
rebels and these people
who are trying to harm you and kill you
and then uthman who told the people what
the prophet whispered to him
in his ear that day he said in
rasulallah
he said that the prophet took a covenant
with me
[Music]
and me and him had a promise
did he ever whisper to somebody and have
a a covenant with him
she said no i see referees for the
prophet to do something like that to
just
specifically have a covenant with one
person
with a man except that one day he
whispered to uthman in his ear
he told him that he's going to die that
he's going to be killed
and the prophet commanded him
the prophet told him don't fight back
that's bad
don't fight back don't kill them
it was mentioned about
when they yadi charged into his house
and they intruded and they came with
full force and they broke into his doors
when uthman
so what he did was so he doesn't get
he doesn't have a feeling or the thought
doesn't come to his head
to retaliate to fight back when he sees
the blade and the sword because what
could happen is when he sees that
he might that instinct
yeah any feeling of wanting to respond
and fight back and defend yourself so it
doesn't enter his
heart what he did was he covered his
eyes with
another so he doesn't see the the
shining of the blade
so he doesn't see the shining of the
blade and no and then feel like
i want to retaliate because he has a
promise that he made with the prophet
alaihis
so he covered his eyes
but one thing he saw before he closed
his eyes or he covered his eyes
one of the men who charged in
who charged in pushed uthman of his wife
and then um against him
he made dua against him
he paralyzes his hand and that man one
day was seen doing duaf around the cabin
muhammad ibrahim said
i saw a man one day doing tawaf around
the kaaba
he was circumcising around the kaaba and
he was saying allahu
akfely oh allah forgive me but i don't
think you're going to forgive me
how allah forgive me but i don't think
you're going to forgive me
muhammad ibn came up to the man and said
to him what a strange dua that you're
making
what type of dua is this that you're
making oh allah forgive me but i don't
know if you're going to forgive me
what is it that you did that you think
allah will not forgive you for
he said i was the day your muddar
the people who charged into uthman's
house and pushed his wife
and if you look at my hand and he
unveiled his hand and showed it to
muhammad music
he said to him can you see my hand this
was the dua that uh made against me
allah
died in that way but he never responded
he never fall back because he made a
promise with the prophet alaihis
allah
that i am and earth man those who allah
said regarding them
that allah removed from our hearts
anything
animosity and hate in our hearts towards
one another and allah made us what
brothers brothers when they meet they
have love for one another
with mara the allah and who was killed
when there was 18 days remaining of from
the remaining of the month of the
after the after salah he was buried in
bakiya
okay and he was at that time
uh 80 uh two years of age
and that's the strongest opinion i
remember they have been authenticated
i'm going to stop there inshallah
anything which i have said that was
wrong or incorrectness for me and
shaytan and allah and his messenger are
both free from it
how can you do a two second action right
now
that will give you a share of the reward
of everything we're doing
on this youtube channel simple like this
video
and click subscribe why it will allow
youtube
to recommend our videos to other users
and imagine the huge amount of rewards
that could be waiting for you
on the day of judgement if you did that
with the sincere
intention of spreading the deen of allah
you'll be rewarded for every single
person who benefits from one of our
videos
as a result of your like or subscribe
that's an easy
two second action that you definitely
don't want to miss out on
do it now click like and subscribe
and don't forget to make that intention